The surname Gu, you are kidding me
I will allow you to lie to me
Can't I fool you?
OK.
I do doubt you a little bit. What are you suspecting?
I suspect you are Gu Zhenting
And then I found out that you are not
No, definitely not.
I am just an ordinary migrant worker who moves bricks on a construction site
How could he be the richest man in Haicheng?
I just look more like Gu Zhenting.
You look just like him
Doudou Daddy
Why don't you do a DNA test?
maybe
You are his long-lost twin brother
Boring
If so, you would have half of the property
You don't have to pretend to be the CEO to satisfy yourself
You are really rich
My mother only has one son.
Then maybe you're not your own
Excuse me?
Labor is out of the sky
Have you seen Gu Chenting?
How does he feel?
I feel he's weird. He's weird.
Can't tell what's wrong
And there's nothing else.
Oh yes, let me remind you
You are not allowed to mention Gu Chenting in this house in the future
He indirectly caused me and my mother to be kicked out of the Jiang family
I don't want to have anything to do with him.
It's a pity that fate tricks people
I'm still working at his company
You brought up the Lone Pillow first, didn't you?
Anyway, I can't mention it to you
Sooner or later he will know who I am
Gotta find a way
Let him gradually let go of his boredom with me
What are you thinking about?
No, nothing.
Doudou is almost out of school, let's take him home, okay?